What am I afraid of?
I just don't want Jiumei to interfere
I just want to take care of the two of you myself
I see.
Shanshan is a rich lady like you
He must be unwilling to be insulted by them in vain
I understand you.
Thank you husband
Yang Qianfeng
Why didn't I find you so stupid before?
The stupidest thing I've ever done in my life
Just marry you
I hope you can still be so stubborn in a while
There is another way to test the authenticity of God's order
Who can shine when you meet God's will?
Lu Shanshan
As the eldest lady of the Luo family
You don't know that, do you?
Of course I know.
Then you tell me
Why does Shenduoling shine when it encounters water?
That's because special materials are used
So wrong.
The reason why the gods can shine
Because there is a pole in it
Its precious water spirit beads
It can absorb the spiritual energy of water
How is that possible?
Water spirit beads
How could it possibly exist in reality?
Shameless is so shameless
Come to the water basin
everyone
Look good.